\def\para#1{\medskip\penalty-250\noindent{\bf#1}\quad}
\def\A{\para{A:}}
\def\Q{\para{Q:}}

\Q Can we use FreeBoogie instead of Boogie already?

\Q What is the main contribution of your PhD?

\Q What is the main {\it theoretical\/} contribution of your PhD?

\Q Does FreeBoogie handle loops?

\A [Note: Don't forget to compare with symbolic execution and abstract
interpretation.]

\Q Did you describe FreeBoogie's design in a peer-reviewed paper?

\Q Should verification condition generators use weakest precondition or
strongest postcondition?

\Q The comparion between different types of semantics is pretty standard,
isn't it?

\Q You present a proof technique for showing the correctness of algorithms
that simplify verification conditions. What exactly are the properties an
algorithm needs in order to be able to apply this proof technique?

\Q Does FreeBoogie handle the Boogie's polymorphic types?

\Q Isn't it cheating to assume that loops have been dealt with when you
address code reachiability?

\Q Your reachability analysis identifies four very different types of
problems.  Are these problems distinguished in error messages? If no, then
how can it be done?

\Q The example you give in the introduction is quite algorithmic in nature.
Why do you think this is the kind of problems that ``program verifiers
ought to be able'' to handle ``in the future''?

\Q You suggest that the front-end of program verifiers is uninteresting.
Why?

\Q You say that `insights' lead to simpler and moreefficient
implementations.  Which insight leads to which efficiency gain? Which
insight leads to which simplification?

\Q What does `structural' mean in `structural operational semantics'?
(Does it describe `operational semantics' or does it restrict to a kind?)

\Q Why do you say that denotational semantics are not much used today?

\Q What is a Kripke structure?

\Q Which SMT solver did you use?

\Q How does Boogie compare to Why?

\Q How does ACSL compare with JML?

\Q There is a standard command language for SMT provers. Why do you say
this is prover dependent?

\Q Who uses FreeBoogie? What are the future plans for it?

\Q How big is the codebase of FreeBoogie?

\Q What {\it are\/} the differences between symbolic execution and abstract
interpretation?

\Q How come Kleene's algorithm for building regular expressions out of
automata and Gauss's algorithm for solving systems of linear equations are
$kij$ algorithms?

\Q You say that ``fortunately, the dissertation does not stem from one big
contribution, but rather from many smaller ones that are related.'' I would
say this is {\it unfortunate}, because any set of articles with unimportant
contributions from some area of research can be described in the same way.
So, how is your thesis different from a set of unimportant articles glued
together, which are `related' only because they fit roughly the same
research are?

\Q What are the important design decisions and how did they affect
FreeBoogie?

\Q On what kind of formulas does {\it prune\/} work well?

\Q Why develop FreeBoogie when the Boogie tool from MSR is open source?

\bye
% vim:textwidth=75:
